README.md, before:

# Scrum Status Bot App Template
| [Documentation](https://github.com/OfficeDev/microsoft-teams-app-scrumstatus/wiki) | [Deployment guide](https://github.com/OfficeDev/microsoft-teams-app-scrumstatus/wiki/Deployment-Guide) | [Architecture](https://github.com/OfficeDev/microsoft-teams-app-scrumstatus/wiki/Solution-Overview) |
| ---- | ---- | ---- |

 Scrum Status bot is a simple scrum assistant bot that will enable users to run asynchronous stand-up meetings and provide and easy way for the users to share their daily updates. It is designed to work in Teams group chats and all the members can contribute to the scrum. One can start and end a scrum and can view the updates made by others in a running scrum.

The bot works best in typical corporate workforce scenarios, where the team members are not confined to a specific geographic region, span across multiple time zones and are more diverse and remote in nature. Most often than not, in such cases it is difficult for all the members within a team to get together in a room daily and share their updates.

An end-user interacting with Scrum Status Bot:

**Provide your updates when a scrum is active**
![Start Scrum](https://github.com/OfficeDev/microsoft-teams-app-scrumstatus/wiki/images/StartScrum.jpg)
![Update Details](https://github.com/OfficeDev/microsoft-teams-app-scrumstatus/wiki/images/UpdateScrum.jpg)

**View scrum details updated by you and others**
![View Details](https://github.com/OfficeDev/microsoft-teams-app-scrumstatus/wiki/images/ViewDetails.jpg)

## **Legal Notices**

Please read the license terms applicable to this template [here](https://github.com/OfficeDev/microsoft-teams-app-scrumstatus/blob/master/LICENSE). In addition to these terms, you agree to the following:

- You are responsible for complying with all applicable privacy and security regulations, as well as all internal privacy and security policies of your company. You must also include your own privacy statement and terms of use for your app if you choose to deploy or share it broadly.
 
- Use and handling of any personal data collected by your app is your responsibility. Microsoft will not have any access to data collected through your app, and therefore is not responsible for any data related incidents.

- Any Microsoft trademarks and logos included in this repository are property of Microsoft and should not be reused, redistributed, modified, repurposed, or otherwise altered or used outside of this repository.

## **Getting** **Started**

Begin with the [Solution overview](https://github.com/OfficeDev/microsoft-teams-app-scrumstatus/wiki/Solution-Overview) to read about what the app does and how it works.

When you're ready to try out Scrum Status Bot, or to use it in your own organization, follow the steps in the [Deployment guide](https://github.com/OfficeDev/microsoft-teams-app-scrumstatus/wiki/Deployment-Guide).

## **Feedback**

Thoughts? Questions? Ideas? Share them with us on [Teams UserVoice](https://microsoftteams.uservoice.com/forums/555103-public)!

Please report bugs and other code issues [here](/issues/new).

## **Contributing**

This project welcomes contributions and suggestions. Most contributions require you to agree to a Contributor License Agreement (CLA) declaring that you have the right to, and actually do, grant us the rights to use your contribution. For details, visit [https://cla.microsoft.com](https://cla.microsoft.com/).

When you submit a pull request, a CLA-bot will automatically determine whether you need to provide a CLA and decorate the PR appropriately (e.g., label, comment). Simply follow the instructions provided by the bot. You will only need to do this once across all repos using our CLA.

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/). For more information see the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.

Commit message:

Updated README (#4)
Updated readme file to include license terms applicable to this template

README.md, after:

# Scrum Status Bot App Template
| [Documentation](https://github.com/OfficeDev/microsoft-teams-app-scrumstatus/wiki) | [Deployment guide](https://github.com/OfficeDev/microsoft-teams-app-scrumstatus/wiki/Deployment-Guide) | [Architecture](https://github.com/OfficeDev/microsoft-teams-app-scrumstatus/wiki/Solution-Overview) |
| ---- | ---- | ---- |

 Scrum Status bot is a simple scrum assistant bot that will enable users to run asynchronous stand-up meetings and provide and easy way for the users to share their daily updates. It is designed to work in Teams group chats and all the members can contribute to the scrum. One can start and end a scrum and can view the updates made by others in a running scrum.

The bot works best in typical corporate workforce scenarios, where the team members are not confined to a specific geographic region, span across multiple time zones and are more diverse and remote in nature. Most often than not, in such cases it is difficult for all the members within a team to get together in a room daily and share their updates.

An end-user interacting with Scrum Status Bot:

**Provide your updates when a scrum is active**
![Start Scrum](https://github.com/OfficeDev/microsoft-teams-app-scrumstatus/wiki/images/StartScrum.jpg)
![Update Details](https://github.com/OfficeDev/microsoft-teams-app-scrumstatus/wiki/images/UpdateScrum.jpg)

**View scrum details updated by you and others**
![View Details](https://github.com/OfficeDev/microsoft-teams-app-scrumstatus/wiki/images/ViewDetails.jpg)

## **Legal Notices**

Please read the license terms applicable to this template [here](https://github.com/OfficeDev/microsoft-teams-app-scrumstatus/blob/master/LICENSE). In addition to these terms, you agree to the following:

 - You are responsible for complying with privacy and security regulations applicable to your app.
 
 - Use, collection, and handling of any personal data by your app is your responsibility alone.  Microsoft will not have any access to data collected through your app.  Microsoft will not responsible for any data related incidents or data subject requests.
 
 - If your app is developed to be sideloaded internally within your organization, you agree to comply with all internal privacy and security policies of your organization.
 
 - Use of this template does not guarantee acceptance of your app to Teams app store.  To make this app available in the Teams app store, you will have to comply with [submission process and validation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/platform/concepts/deploy-and-publish/appsource/publish), and all associated requirements such as including your own privacy statement and terms of use for your app.
 
 - Any Microsoft trademarks and logos included in this repository are property of Microsoft and should not be reused, redistributed, modified, repurposed, or otherwise altered or used outside of this repository.

## **Getting** **Started**

Begin with the [Solution overview](https://github.com/OfficeDev/microsoft-teams-app-scrumstatus/wiki/Solution-Overview) to read about what the app does and how it works.

When you're ready to try out Scrum Status Bot, or to use it in your own organization, follow the steps in the [Deployment guide](https://github.com/OfficeDev/microsoft-teams-app-scrumstatus/wiki/Deployment-Guide).

## **Feedback**

Thoughts? Questions? Ideas? Share them with us on [Teams UserVoice](https://microsoftteams.uservoice.com/forums/555103-public)!

Please report bugs and other code issues [here](/issues/new).

## **Contributing**

This project welcomes contributions and suggestions. Most contributions require you to agree to a Contributor License Agreement (CLA) declaring that you have the right to, and actually do, grant us the rights to use your contribution. For details, visit [https://cla.microsoft.com](https://cla.microsoft.com/).

When you submit a pull request, a CLA-bot will automatically determine whether you need to provide a CLA and decorate the PR appropriately (e.g., label, comment). Simply follow the instructions provided by the bot. You will only need to do this once across all repos using our CLA.

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/). For more information see the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.
